<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE composition PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<ui:composition xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
                xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
                template="./template/defaultTemplate.xhtml"
                xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
                xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui">

    <ui:define name="content">
        <h:panelGroup>
            <article>
                <h2>About Us</h2>
                <p>
                    &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;NUS students and staff are often required to carry out surveys to gain data for their research in several modules and studies. More often than not, they refer to survey websites such as SurveyMonkey and provide incentives (usually in the form of money) to attract participants to answer their surveys. 
                </p>
                <p>
                    &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;However, the conducted research usually requires data from a specific scope of eligible users, such as NUS students, Utown programme students, or NUS staff. 
                </p>
                <p>
                    &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;As such applications tailored for NUS do not exist up until now, we are motivated to create a survey platform which is specifically targeted for NUS students/staff. Hence, by providing an online survey platform that only members of NUS can use, we believe that it resolves the aforementioned issue and would be a viable yet competitive application.
                </p>

                <h3>&nbsp;&nbsp;Features</h3>
                <p>
                    <ul>
                        <li>Authentication and Account Security</li>
                        <ul><li>Our website is only deisgned and catered for NUS students and NUS staff, thus, strict security authentication and account security can be ensured. 
                                Trustworthiness of the answers are guaranteed with a safe and free environment within NUS.</li></ul>
                        <br></br>
                        <li>Create Survey</li>
                        <ul><li>Four types of questions can be set in the surveys, namely multiple choices, sidebar questions, short answer input text and checkbox questions.
                            </li><li>Users will also be able to indicate their required participant type, such as the faculty and age of the users who are eligible to fill their survey. 
                            </li><li>Moreover, users can set the deadline and maximum number of people who can answer the survey. 
                            </li><li>To gain more participants, users can deposit several amounts of money as a form of incentives for participants who have answered the survey.</li></ul>
                        <br></br>
                        <li>Find Survey</li>
                        <ul><li>The users can search for the interested surveys to answer according to faculty or topics indicated by tags associated.</li></ul>
                        <br></br>
                        <li>Answer Survey</li>
                        <ul><li>Enjoyable and neat pages and procedures are provided for the users to answer the surveys.</li>
                            <li>If the incentives are given by the survey, surveyees can get the incentives directly by answering the surveys.</li></ul>
                        <br></br>
                        <li>View Survey Results</li>
                        <ul><li>Survey results are provided and sorted for the surveyors to check the results.</li></ul>
                        <br></br>
                        <li>Transaction</li>
                        <ul><li>Incentives can be given from the surveyors to boost the number of particiants.</li>
                            <li>Surveyees can gain extra money from just clicking and answering surveys.</li>
                            <li>A safe and convenient environment is provided by the platform to ensure a pleasant experience.</li></ul>
                        <br></br>
                    </ul>
                </p>
                <h3>&nbsp;&nbsp;Founders</h3>
                <p>&nbsp;&nbsp;
                    Christabelle Fredda Thevandi,  
                    Christopher Robin,  
                    Liu Sitong,  
                    Michela Vieri from IS3106 NUS
                </p>
            </article>
        </h:panelGroup>
    </ui:define>

</ui:composition>
